chore: add pull request template (#536)
bigcommerce/big-design: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## What?

> Describe what changes you are making. i.e. `Adding additional eslint configs to catch potential bugs.`

Reviewer: 🍹 im gonna be that guy and point out its probably better to use `e.g.` here not `i.e.`

Author: Love that better! Thanks for looking for that!

> Describe what changes you are making. i.e. `Adding additional eslint configs to catch potential bugs.`

Author: ```suggestion
Describe what changes you are making. e.g. `Adding additional eslint configs to catch potential bugs.`
```

> Describe what changes you are making. e.g. `Adding additional eslint configs to catch potential bugs.`

Author: ```suggestion
Describe what changes you are making. e.g. `Fixes X bug in Y component.`
```

## Why?

> Please provide the reason(s) why you are making this change? Please no one-liners like, `We saw some bugs.`; expand upon the reason like, `Added X rule because it caught a bug in Y component. Added this check since this bug is sure to surface in other components.`

Author: I was trying to continue to the eslint examples... but yeah, probably a good idea to give a different example. I had a hard to coming up with this one too 😅

> Please provide the reason(s) why you are making this change? Please no one-liners like, `We saw some bugs.`; expand upon the reason like, `Added X rule because it caught a bug in Y component. Added this check since this bug is sure to surface in other components.`

Reviewer 2: Yeah, my comment goes for both examples.

> Please provide the reason(s) why you are making this change? Please no one-liners like, `We saw some bugs.`; expand upon the reason like, `Added X rule because it caught a bug in Y component. Added this check since this bug is sure to surface in other components.`

Author: How about these two suggested changes @deini?
```suggestion
Please provide the reason(s) why you are making this change? Please no one-liners like, `It was missing.`; expand upon the reason like, `Adds X prop because it was missing in the Box component. Documentation notes this prop exists, but it actually wasn't implemented.`
```

> Please provide the reason(s) why you are making this change? Please no one-liners like, `We saw some bugs.`; expand upon the reason like, `Added X rule because it caught a bug in Y component. Added this check since this bug is sure to surface in other components.`

Reviewer 2: 👍
